Initialize README with baseline information. (#1)
ray-project/scipy-ray-scalable-ml-tutorial-2023: Install_locally.md

# Install Ray and required libraries locally

Here, you can find instructions about how to locally install Ray and all libraries required for this workshop.

Follow the instructions to set it up.

## Clone this repository

In your terminal run:

```
git clone https://github.com/ray-project/scipy-ray-scalable-ml-tutorial-2023.git
```

Go to the repository directory. In your terminal run:

```
cd scipy-ray-scalable-ml-tutorial-2023
```

## Instructions for Unix users

You should install dependencies in a new virtual environment. If you are not familiar with virtualenv, consult their [documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) before you move forward.

> Make sure that you have virtual env with `python==3.10.10`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that you have virtual env with `python==3.9.15`.
```
